Oh
my
a team is from 51 here having to stop
here side to road here so our left the
truck running come across the
International back through here
it's a 3,500 dan told me this is a the
popular size so but um
it's got a heavy duty front axle I'm not
sure what size the engineers I'll have
to look that up and up if not all I'll
post it later on the little side note
here but
but it's really not that bad a shape
when I can tale seemed out the front way
right buck it looks pretty nice
I need a cut near doing it but
yeah I mean I've only seen
two of these that I know of I've seen
them in pictures and books stuff but
I've never come across one this is
actually the first one ever got to come
up close to so vit sure you see us
International
and it's a 3,500 and can you read that
to you a 3500 be series
or is it a six that maybe a six series
but guc
I'm not quite sure don't see a number I
can't see a number on the service isn't
diesel
it's not that bad a shape
got the shuttle shift transmission on it
I'm not sure what tractor this equals
comes close to 444 it's an industrial
but I can't
see I don't know that much about these
hadn't hadn't read that much about meat
and so if y'all can give me a little
insight on it that'll be great and dad
did tell me that this is an older series
it has the four sticks to operate the
boom and all back here - he said the
later ones had they went to the two
sticks like the modern-day back
what's the ones they got the D has the
joysticks on them foot but I'm even
gotten a rollcage on it
and if you can see right here you see
the transmission you can see the covers
where the PTA would win lot of
industrial tractors they cover all that
up
PTO so I'm guessing this might be a 444
544 somewhere around there I'm not sure
what I think outriggers might be leaking
down that's why you got to chained up
maybe but don't really see me scoring on
any of the cylinders like a tail
like it's a little
there so they were they had told me they
were popular machines and their day
real strong
working on strong with ones they got now
but tires a little
slacker but
I don't see the owner here so we're not
going to be able to crank it up or
anything like that but the nice machine
would be nice one they have
sure love to have it it's a little bit
much for about 8500 sir
what all right you genius
don't I show you this
you're not gonna have it
don't think I'm weird on this
all right well with salty lighter
it's a lie